docs: update verify documentation (#324)
foundry-rs/book: src/reference/forge/forge-verify-contract.md

`--force`  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Do not compile the flattened smart contract before verifying.

`--delay` *delay*  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Optional timeout to apply in between attempts in seconds.

`--retries` *retries*  

> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Number of attempts for retrying [default: 1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Number of attempts for retrying. Defaults to 1.
```

for consistency

`--watch`  

> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Wait for verification result after submission.
> Automatically runs `forge verify-check` until the verification either fails or succeeds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Wait for verification result after submission.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Automatically runs `forge verify-check` until the verification either fails or succeeds.
```

for consistency
